Establish proposal procedure #196 (#197)
Open-EO/openeo-processes: README.md

This repository contains a set of files formally describing the openEO Processes:

> * The `*.json` files provide the stable process specifications as defined by openEO. New processes need at least two implementations.

Author: ```suggestion
* The `*.json` files provide the stable process specifications as defined by openEO. New processes need at least two implementations or consensus from the openEO PSC.
```

> * The `*.json` files in the [`proposals`](proposals/) folder provide proposed new process specifications that are only implemented by one organization and may still change. Everyone is encouraged to base their work on the proposals and give feedback so that eventually the processes evolve into stable proces specifications.

Reviewer: This reads like a very strong coupling between the API and implementing backends: stable=2 or more backends, experimental=1 backend. Is it necessary to be that strict about that? It seems like the decision process is reduced to a simple count of implementations.

As far as I experienced process discussions it was most of the times pretty clear where a process was on the scale "no-brainer" vs "needs more thought or real world testing", regardless of number of actual implementations.

Author: In the future discussions will be different due to the end of the "core" openEO project. A TSC will be formed (and that will lead to a different ruleset again). I added "or consensus from the openEO PSC".

Reviewer: > Proposals don't need an implementation, by the way.

then maybe also relax:

> files in the proposals folder provide proposed new process specifications that are only implemented by one organization and may still change

e.g: files in the proposals folder are proposals for new process specifications that are still experimental and subject to change.

Author: ```suggestion
* The `*.json` files in the [`proposals`](proposals/) folder provide proposed new process specifications that are still experimental and subject to change. Ideally, each specification is backed by an implementation. Everyone is encouraged to base their work on the proposals and give feedback so that eventually the processes evolve into stable process specifications.
```
